- I'm here to present what I have done with the help of AI but I do feel responsible to at least mention a couple of worries I have
	- In our workflows we have all adopted this idea of "agile". Which at its core emphasizes the idea of iterating fast, failing quickly and improving on the go. I fear this will soon change, in what direction I'm not sure, however I know that when agile became popular, it did so in a different context than the one we are in right now.
		- the question was "given our skills, experience and output remains unchanged, what is our most optimal way of delivering a working product". 
		- Speed was the answer then however speed will no longer be the limiting factor as we move forward and these tools become smarter. 
		- Agile allowed us to move faster because we agreed that the benefit of delivering changes smaller and faster outweighs the cost of errors when things do eventually break. But we accepted those errors because our incremental changes would be small and easy to manage. With AI, our output will be far greater than what we've been used to before.
		- We all become reviewers and testers
- Conclusions /predictions / some perspective
	- Costs will rise quickly for the use of AI. Reality is these major AI companies operate at a huge loss right now as they are focusing on capturing a share of the market. Subscriptions are still "affordable" because they want companies to use them bprices will have to rise.
	- We should absolutely take this as an opportunity to learn how to use it now. This way we will have learned how to use it efficiently and we'll be prepared 