Projects/cv.md, before:

Faceit
Tested: Web app ui, gaming console app, desktop app, chat system, game integrations, large competitive tournaments, ranking system, anti-cheat engine, social network, admin dashboard 
Achievements:
- Managing the QA work for 3-4 projects at a time in a startup environment with aggressive deadlines and high pressure. 
- With a team of only 2 QAs in the company, we managed expectations from various stakeholders, maintained a quality standard early in the development cycle way before work got to QA
- Assessed risks and prioritized the work accordingly.
- Helped maintain and monitor the platform during events of high importance ( competitive gaming tournaments ) 

Becrypt
Tested: Operational System, Web app, iOS app, Android app, network traffic manager, Bios Encryption software
Achievements::
- Implemented jira workflows that we presented 

Bango 
Tested: Payments & Identification services, Assets management system,
Tools: Postman, Pytest, Beeceptor, Wiremock, Blazemeter, Jmeter, Java test framework
Achievements:
- Built and presented to the wider QA function exploratory testing template and methodology that was well received and adopted by all QAs
- Doing comprehensive and easy to understand product presentations and written guides to help onboarding people and mentoring new QAs into the team
- Building and applying QA strategy and test approach for complex pieces of work critical in reducing cost and improving efficiency (by about 20%) for our product

Commit message:

vault backup: 2025-04-16 23:16:44
Affected files:
Projects/cv.md

Projects/cv.md, after:

Faceit
Tested: Web app ui, gaming console app, desktop app, chat system, game integrations, large competitive tournaments, ranking system, anti-cheat engine, social network, admin dashboard 
Achievements:
- Managing the QA work for 3-4 projects at a time in a startup environment with aggressive deadlines and high pressure. 
- With a team of only 2 QAs in the company, we managed expectations from various stakeholders, maintained a quality standard early in the development cycle way before work got to QA
- Assessed risks and prioritized the work accordingly.
- Helped maintain and monitor the platform during events of high importance ( competitive gaming tournaments ) 

Becrypt
Tested: Operational System, Web app, iOS app, Android app, network traffic manager, Bios Encryption software
Achievements::
- Implemented and presented jira workflows that were widely adopted by the engineering team 
- Took ownership over 2 projects as the sole QA, liaising with clients regularly to ensure expectations and targets are met. Both projects were delivered in the agreed upon timeframe with the clients being very happy with our  

Bango 
Tested: Payments & Identification services, Assets management system,
Tools: Postman, Pytest, Beeceptor, Wiremock, Blazemeter, Jmeter, Java test framework
Achievements:
- Built and presented to the wider QA function exploratory testing template and methodology that was well received and adopted by all QAs
- Doing comprehensive and easy to understand product presentations and written guides to help onboarding people and mentoring new QAs into the team
- Building and applying QA strategy and test approach for complex pieces of work critical in reducing cost and improving efficiency (by about 20%) for our product
