Areas/Focus/Pytest/Customizations .md, before:

**Pass Args in Pytest Cmd line :**
• Use the pytest_addoption hook function in conftest.py to define a new option.
• Then use 'pytestconfig fixture' in a fixture of your own to grab the name.
• We can also use pytestconfig from a test to avoid having to write your own fixture.
• Useful when we are trying to do some tests based on diff configurations.
• For e.g. in prod and QA, which have diff URL we can pass in cmd line arg to identify between prod and QA.

**Configuring pytest.ini:**
• Ref: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/customize.html#config-file-formats
• Pytest related configs are put in this file.
• Placed in the root/main folder of our project.
• Primary pytest configuration file that allows you to change default behavior.
• You can get help on command line options and values in INI-style configurations files by using the general help option: pytest -h
• Also refer: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/reference/reference.html#ini-options-ref
• E.g. # content of pytest.ini
• [pytest]
• addopts = --maxfail=4 -rf # exit after 4 failures, report fail info
• You can change default behavior of pytest, e.g. change test module name to work with something like check_something.py.

Commit message:

vault backup: 2025-03-22 19:43:39
Affected files:
.makemd/fileCache.mdc
.makemd/superstate.mdc
Areas/Focus/Pytest/.space/context.mdb
Areas/Focus/Pytest/Customizations .md
Areas/Focus/Pytest/Parameterize and SetupTearDown Tests.md
Areas/Focus/Pytest/Parameterize.md
Areas/Focus/Pytest/SkipMark and Pytest options.md

Areas/Focus/Pytest/Customizations .md, after:

**Pass Args in Pytest Cmd line :**
	• Use the pytest_addoption hook function in conftest.py to define a new option.
	• Then use 'pytestconfig fixture' in a fixture of your own to grab the name.
	• We can also use pytestconfig from a test to avoid having to write your own fixture.
	• Useful when we are trying to do some tests based on diff configurations.
	• For e.g. in prod and QA, which have diff URL we can pass in cmd line arg to identify between prod and QA.

**Configuring pytest.ini:**
	• Ref: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/customize.html#config-file-formats
	• Pytest related configs are put in this file.
	• Placed in the root/main folder of our project.
	• Primary pytest configuration file that allows you to change default behavior.
	• You can get help on command line options and values in INI-style configurations files by using the general help option: pytest -h
	• Also refer: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/reference/reference.html#ini-options-ref
	• E.g. # content of pytest.ini
	• [pytest]
	• addopts = --maxfail=4 -rf # exit after 4 failures, report fail info
	• You can change default behavior of pytest, e.g. change test module name to work with something like check_something.py.

**Data Provider with Pytest:**
	• Use pytest parameterize to pass in data to test, after reading from a file.
	• E.g. write a module utils.py which has function get_data() and pass this function get_data() to pytest.mark.parametrize.

**Using Configurations files**:
	• Config files can be done in diff formats - like json, yaml, or ini files.
	• Write function for reading config file and reusing it from multiple places.
	• For designing framework:
	• Config files in config folder.
	• Config parser in utils folder.
	• have functions to read the configs and return values.
	• Write config parser in OOP way to control diff configs passing from Cmdline options.
